README.md, before:

# Lift Simulation

This is a lift simulation program built using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. It allows you to simulate the movement of multiple lifts across a given number of floors. Users can request lifts to go up or down between floors using the provided user interface.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Simulate the movement of multiple lifts across a given number of floors.
- User interface to request lifts to go up or down between floors.
- Visual representation of the lifts' movement and door opening/closing.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Web browser (Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, etc.)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your-username/lift-simulation.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```shell
cd lift-simulation
```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## Usage

1. Enter the number of floors and lifts in the input boxes provided on the page.
2. Click the "Start Simulation" button.
3. The user interface will be displayed, showing the floors and lift buttons.
4. Click the "Up" or "Down" button next to a floor to request a lift.
5. The lifts will start moving to fulfill the requested floors, and the doors will open/close when reaching the target floor.
6. The lifts will continue to serve subsequent requests in the queue.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Feel free to customize and improve the code according to your needs. Contributions are also welcome!

## Acknowledgments

- This project was inspired by elevator/lift systems commonly found in buildings and complexes.
- The implementation is based on a combination of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues or errors while running the simulation, please [open an issue](https://github.com/your-username/lift-simulation/issues) on GitHub. Provide a detailed description of the problem and any relevant error messages for better assistance.

Enjoy simulating lifts!

Commit message:

added live link to readme

README.md, after:

# Lift Simulation

This is a lift simulation program built using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. It allows you to simulate the movement of multiple lifts across a given number of floors. Users can request lifts to go up or down between floors using the provided user interface.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Simulate the movement of multiple lifts across a given number of floors.
- User interface to request lifts to go up or down between floors.
- Visual representation of the lifts' movement and door opening/closing.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Web browser (Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, etc.)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/your-username/lift-simulation.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```shell
cd lift-simulation
```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## Usage

1. Enter the number of floors and lifts in the input boxes provided on the page.
2. Click the "Start Simulation" button.
3. The user interface will be displayed, showing the floors and lift buttons.
4. Click the "Up" or "Down" button next to a floor to request a lift.
5. The lifts will start moving to fulfill the requested floors, and the doors will open/close when reaching the target floor.
6. The lifts will continue to serve subsequent requests in the queue.

## Live Demo

A live demo of the Lift Simulation can be found [here](https://astonishing-moonbeam-290d34.netlify.app/).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Feel free to customize and improve the code according to your needs. Contributions are also welcome!

## Acknowledgments

- This project was inspired by elevator/lift systems commonly found in buildings and complexes.
- The implementation is based on a combination of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues or errors while running the simulation, please [open an issue](https://github.com/your-username/lift-simulation/issues) on GitHub. Provide a detailed description of the problem and any relevant error messages for better assistance.

Enjoy simulating lifts!
